**DRAFT QUALITY ASSURANCE SURVEILLANCE PLAN (QASP)**

GSA 18F Identity Management\
Agile BPA Task Order

June 28, 2016

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

[*1 INTRODUCTION*](#introduction)

[*1.1 Purpose*](#purpose)

[*1.1.1 Background*](#background)

[*1.1.2 Content*](#content)

[*1.2 Performance Management Approach*](#performance-management-approach)

[*1.2.1 Expected Outcomes*](#expected-outcomes)

[*1.2.2 Results Focus*](#results-focus)

[*1.3 Performance Management Strategy*](#performance-management-strategy)

[*1.3.1 Quality Control*](#quality-control)

[*1.3.2 Government Role*](#government-role)

[*2 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*](#roles-and-responsibilities)

[*3 IDENTIFICATION OF REQUIRED PERFORMANCE STANDARDS/QUALITY LEVELS*](#identification-of-required-performance-standardsquality-levels)

[*4 METHODOLOGIES TO MONITOR PERFORMANCE*](#methodologies-to-monitor-performance)

[*4.1 Surveillance Techniques*](#surveillance-techniques)

[*4.2 Customer Feedback*](#customer-feedback)

[*4.3 Acceptable Quality Levels*](#acceptable-quality-levels)

[*5 QUALITY ASSURANCE DOCUMENTATION*](#quality-assurance-documentation)

[*5.1 The Performance Management Feedback Loop*](#the-performance-management-feedback-loop)

[*5.2 Monitoring Forms*](#monitoring-forms)

[*6 ANALYSIS OF QUALITY ASSURANCE ASSESSMENT*](#analysis-of-quality-assurance-assessment)

[*6.1 Determining Performance*](#determining-performance)

[*6.2 Reporting*](#reporting)

[*6.3 Reviews and Resolution*](#reviews-and-resolution)

[*6.3.1 Performance Reviews*](#performance-reviews)

[*6.3.2 Resolving Issues*](#resolving-issues)

[*6.3.3 Revisions*](#revisions)

[*APPENDIX 1: PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS SUMMARY*](#appendix-1-performance-requirements-summary)

[*APPENDIX 2: SAMPLE QUALITY ASSURANCE MONITORING FORM*](#appendix-2-sample-quality-assurance-monitoring-form)

[*APPENDIX 3: QUALITY ASSURANCE MONITORING FORM – CUSTOMER COMPLAINT INVESTIGATION FORM*](#appendix-3-quality-assurance-monitoring-form-customer-complaint-investigation-form)

**QUALITY ASSURANCE SURVEILLANCE PLAN (QASP)**

**1** INTRODUCTION
==================

This quality assurance surveillance plan (QASP) is pursuant to the
requirements listed in the performance work statement (PWS) entitled
Identity Management Scrum Team. This plan sets forth the procedures and
guidelines GSA 18F Identity Management Project Management Office (PMO)
will use in ensuring the required performance standards or services
levels are achieved by the contractor.

1.1 Purpose
-----------

### **1.1.1 Background**

The purpose of the QASP is to describe the systematic methods used to
monitor performance and to identify the required documentation and the
resources to be employed. The QASP provides a means for evaluating
whether the contractor is meeting the performance standards/quality
levels identified in the PWS and the contractor’s quality control plan
(QCP), and to ensure that the government pays only for the level of
services received.

### **1.1.2 Content**

This QASP defines the roles and responsibilities of all members of the
integrated project team (IPT), identifies the performance objectives,
defines the methodologies used to monitor and evaluate the contractor’s
performance, describes quality assurance documentation requirements, and
describes the analysis of quality assurance monitoring results.

1.2 Performance Management Approach
-----------------------------------

### **1.2.1 Expected Outcomes**

The PWS structures the acquisition around “what” service or quality
level is required, as opposed to “how” the contractor should perform the
work (i.e., results, not compliance). This QASP will define the
performance management approach taken by GSA 18F’s Identity Management
PMO to monitor and manage the contractor’s performance to ensure the
expected outcomes or performance objectives communicated in the PWS are
achieved. Performance management rests on developing a capability to
review and analyze information generated through performance assessment.
The ability to make decisions based on the analysis of performance data
is the cornerstone of performance management; this analysis yields
information that indicates whether expected outcomes for the project are
being achieved by the contractor.

### **1.2.2 Results Focus**

Performance management represents a significant shift from the more
traditional quality assurance (QA) concepts in several ways. Performance
management focuses on assessing whether outcomes are being achieved and
to what extent. This approach migrates away from scrutiny of compliance
with the processes and practices used to achieve the outcome. A
performance-based approach enables the contractor to play a large role
in how the work is performed, as long as the proposed processes are
within the stated constraints. The only exceptions to process reviews
are those required by law (federal, state, and local) and compelling
business situations, such as safety and health. A “results” focus
provides the contractor flexibility to continuously improve and innovate
over the course of the contract as long as the critical outcomes
expected are being achieved and/or the desired performance levels are
being met.

1.3 Performance Management Strategy
-----------------------------------

### **1.3.1 Quality Control**

The contractor is responsible for the quality of all work performed. The
contractor measures that quality through the contractor’s own quality
control (QC) program. QC is work output, not workers, and therefore
includes all work performed under this contract regardless of whether
the work is performed by contractor employees or by subcontractors. The
contractor will develop and implement a performance management system
with processes to assess and report its performance to the designated
government representative. The contractor’s QCP will set forth the
staffing and procedures for self-inspecting the quality, timeliness,
responsiveness, customer satisfaction, and other performance
requirements in the PWS. This QASP enables the government to take
advantage of the contractor’s QC program.

### **1.3.2 Government Role **

The government representative(s) will monitor performance and review
performance reports furnished by the contractor to determine how the
contractor is performing against communicated performance objectives.
The government will make determination regarding incentives based on
performance measurement metric data and notify the contractor of those
decisions. The contractor will be responsible for making required
changes in processes and practices to ensure performance is managed
effectively.

2 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
============================

All roles and responsibilities are described in the attachment,
“Government Roles and Responsibilities.”

3 IDENTIFICATION OF REQUIRED PERFORMANCE STANDARDS/QUALITY LEVELS
=================================================================

The required performance standards and/or quality levels are included in
Attachment 1, “Performance Requirements Summary.” Meeting or exceeding
the required service or performance levels will result in a positive
past performance rating. Failure to meet the required service or
performance levels will result in a negative past performance rating.

4 METHODOLOGIES TO MONITOR PERFORMANCE
======================================

4.1 Surveillance Techniques
---------------------------

In an effort to minimize the performance management burden, simplified
surveillance methods shall be used by the government to evaluate
contractor performance when appropriate. The primary methods of
surveillance are (include those that apply)

Ø Random monitoring, which shall be performed by the COR designated
Product Manager (PM).

Ø 100% Inspection – Each month, the PM, shall review the generated
documentation and enter summary results into the Surveillance Activity
Checklist.

Ø Periodic Inspection – PM typically performs the periodic inspection on
a monthly basis.

4.2 Customer Feedback
---------------------

The contractor is expected to establish and maintain professional
communication between its employees and customers. The primary objective
of this communication is customer satisfaction. Customer satisfaction is
the most significant external indicator of the success and effectiveness
of all services provided and can be measured through customer
complaints.

Performance management drives the contractor to be customer focused
through initially and internally addressing customer complaints and
investigating the issues and/or problems but the customer always has the
option to communicate complaints to the COR, as opposed to the
contractor.

Customer complaints, to be considered valid, must set forth clearly and
in writing the detailed nature of the complaint, must be signed, and
must be forwarded to the COR. The COR will accept those customer
complaints and investigate using the Quality Assurance Monitoring Form –
Customer Complaint Investigation, attached to the end of the document.

Customer feedback may also be obtained either from the results of formal
customer satisfaction surveys or from random customer complaints.

4.3 Acceptable Quality Levels
-----------------------------

The acceptable quality levels (AQLs) included in Attachment 1,
Performance Requirements Summary Table, for contractor performance are
structured to allow the contractor to manage how the work is performed
while providing negative incentives for performance shortfalls. For
critical activities such as those involving Identity Management, the
desired performance level is established at 100 percent. Other levels of
performance are keyed to the relative importance of the task to the
overall mission of the GSA/18F Identity Management PMO.

5 QUALITY ASSURANCE DOCUMENTATION
=================================

5.1 The Performance Management Feedback Loop
--------------------------------------------

The performance management feedback loop begins with the communication
of expected outcomes. Performance standards are expressed in the PWS and
are assessed using the performance monitoring techniques shown in
Attachment 1.

5.2 Monitoring Forms
--------------------

The government’s QA surveillance, accomplished by the PM, will be
reported using the monitoring forms in Attachment 1. The forms, when
completed, will document the government’s assessment of the contractor’s
performance under the contract to ensure that the required results are
being achieved. The Procurement Project Manager and COR will retain a
copy of all completed QA surveillance forms.

6 ANALYSIS OF QUALITY ASSURANCE ASSESSMENT
==========================================

6.1 Determining Performance
---------------------------

Government shall use the monitoring methods cited to determine whether
the performance standards/service levels/AQLs have been met. If the
contractor has not met the minimum requirements, it may be asked to
develop a corrective action plan to show how and by what date it intends
to bring performance up to the required levels.

**6.2** **Reporting**
---------------------

At the end of each month, the PM will prepare a written report for the
COR, summarizing the overall results of the quality assurance
surveillance of the contractor’s performance. This written report, which
includes the contractor’s submitted monthly report and the completed
quality assurance monitoring forms (Attachment 2), will become part of
the QA documentation. It will enable the government to demonstrate
whether the contractor is meeting the stated objectives and/or
performance standards, including cost/technical/scheduling objectives.

**6.3** **Reviews and Resolution**
----------------------------------

### **6.3.1 Performance Reviews**

The PM or COR may require the contractor’s project manager, or a
designated alternate, to meet with the CO, COR or PM and other
government IPT personnel as deemed necessary to discuss performance
evaluation. The PM or COR will define a frequency of in-depth reviews
with the contractor, including appropriate self-assessments by the
contractor; however, if the need arises, the contractor will meet with
the COR or PM as often as required or per the contractor’s request. The
agenda of the reviews may include:

Ø Monthly performance assessment data and trend analysis

Ø Issues and concerns of both parties

Ø Projected outlook for upcoming months and progress against expected
trends, including a corrective action plan analysis

Ø Recommendations for improved efficiency and/or effectiveness

### **6.3.2 Resolving Issues**

The PM and COR must coordinate and communicate with the contractor to
resolve issues and concerns regarding marginal or unacceptable
performance.

### **6.3.3 Revisions**

The PM, COR, and contractor should jointly formulate tactical and
long-term courses of action. Decisions regarding changes to metrics,
thresholds, or service levels should be clearly documented. Changes to
service levels, procedures, and metrics will require approval of the CO.

APPENDIX 1: PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS SUMMARY
============================================

  ---

  **Required Services<br>(Tasks)** | **Performance<br>Standards** | **Acceptable Quality<br>Levels** | **Methods<br>of Surveillance** | **Incentive (Positive and/or Negative)<br>(Impact on Contractor Payments)**
  ---|---|---|---|---|
  Submit a PM report of scheduled, completed, and outstanding tasks monthly (PWS 5.3) |   100% of reports accurately depict current status | 99% | File reviews, periodic inspections, and random, observations, customer complaints | Negative remarks on contractor CPARS if report is submitted after the 15th of the month more than once during a performance period
  Submit Customer Satisfaction reports every month | Contractor maintains a level 3 or higher | Level 3 or higher | Monthly Survey Questionnaire from at least 2 18F team members | Negative remarks on contractor CPARS if report is submitted after the 15th of the month more than once during a performance period

  ---

APPENDIX 2: SAMPLE QUALITY ASSURANCE MONITORING FORM
====================================================

**SERVICE or STANDARD:** To be Developed with Contractor upon award

**SURVEY PERIOD:**

**SURVEILLANCE METHOD (Check):**

\[ \] Questionnaire

**LEVEL OF SURVEILLANCE (Check): **

\[ \] Monthly

**TEAM MEMBERS SAMPLED EVERY MONTH DURING SURVEY PERIOD: 2**

**KEY MEASURES:**

*Reviewer 1:* (PRINT NAME)

*Reviewer 2:* (PRINT NAME)

**ANALYSIS OF RESULTS:**

**Service Provider’s Performance (Check):** \[ \] Meets Standards
\[ \] Does Not Meet Standards

**Narrative of Performance During Survey Period:**

**PREPARED BY:** (PRINT NAME)

**SIGNATURE:**

**DATE:**

APPENDIX 3: QUALITY ASSURANCE MONITORING FORM – CUSTOMER COMPLAINT INVESTIGATION FORM
=====================================================================================

**SERVICE or STANDARD:**

**SURVEY PERIOD:**

**DATE/TIME COMPLAINT RECEIVED:**

**SOURCE OF COMPLAINT:** (NAME)

(ORGANIZATION)

(PHONE NUMBER)

(EMAIL ADDRESS)

**NATURE OF COMPLAINT:**

**RESULTS OF COMPLAINT INVESTIGATION:**

**DATE/TIME SERVICE PROVIDER INFORMED OF COMPLAINT:**

**CORRECTIVE ACTION TAKEN BY SERVICE PROVIDER:**

**RECEIVED AND VALIDATED BY:**(PRINT NAME)

**SIGNATURE:**

**DATE:**
