**Attachment 4: Oral Presentation Instructions**
================================================

**Schedule and Agenda for Code Test:**
--------------------------------------

Prior to the Oral Presentation date, an online written coding test will
consist of a small online project whose development will not last more
than 3 hours. Additional details will be provided to all vendors passing
the phase 1 and 2 evaluations as identified and described in the RFQ.

**Schedule and Agenda for Oral Presentations:**
-----------------------------------------------

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Agenda Item**                               **Time Allocated**
  --------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
  Government Provides Questions to Contractor   Approximately 60 Minutes Prior to Oral Presentation (via e-mail)

  Introductions                                 Approximately 5 Minutes

  Contractor Orals - Q&A on Technical Factors   25 Minutes Maximum

  Break for Contractor & Government Questions   5 Minutes Maximum

  Government Follow-Up Q&A\                     15 Minutes Maximum
  (if needed)                                   
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### **Rules**

The oral presentation consists of an initial question and answer session
on technical factors, and a follow-up question and answer session (if
necessary), associated with this RFQ does not and will not constitute
discussions or negotiations as defined in FAR part 15.

The entire oral presentation will be conducted remotely via video and
audio.

The Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range,
conduct discussions, and solicit or allow revised quotes.

Contractors shall not bring or present slides, graphs, charts or any
other written presentation materials nor will the Government accept or
receive contractor handouts.

### **Coding Test**

As written above, a code test for certain key personnel will be
conducted within 2 days prior to the oral presentations, and will not
exceed 3 hours. Additional details will be provided to all vendors
passing the phase 1 and 2 evaluations.

### **Oral Presentation**

#### **Part One**

Part One of the contractor’s oral presentation will consist of the
contractor answering the Government’s core questions related to the
technical factors identified in the Request For Quotation (RFQ). While
the technical factors are identified in the RFQ, the core questions are
not. All contractors will be asked the same core questions related to
the technical factors. The questions are related to the contractor’s
technical understanding and approach of the requirements identified in
the Performance Work Statement and quality control measures for
overseeing performance. This part of the oral presentation of answers
will not exceed 25 minutes, and may go shorter. The Contracting Officer
will strictly enforce this time limit on all contractors.

\*Note that each Offeror will be provided the questions, via e-mail,
approximately 60 minutes prior to their Oral Presentation.

#### **Part Two (only if necessary)**

The Government will allocate 15 minutes for follow-up questions
following the contractor’s answers to the initial core questions on
technical factors. During this time, the Government may ask questions on
any information that had been presented by the contractor that the
Government feels is unclear or needs elaboration. The Government’s
questions may differ among the contractors based on what needs
elaboration. If the Government has no follow-up questions with a
particular contractor, then this part of the session will not take
place. The answers given in this session are part of the contractor’s
oral presentation.

Note: The Government is much more interested in the informational
content of the contractor’s answers rather than the particular style or
technique used in delivering the answers. The Government may take notes
during the presentation at its discretion and exclusive right and
property, and may use such notes in the evaluation. No copies will be
provided to the contractor.

### **Location**

The oral presentation sessions will be conducted by video chat, though
audio may be substituted as needed. The Government will coordinate and
set up the meeting space accordingly (providing dial in or links using a
tool such as Acano or Adobe Connect).

### **Date and Time**

The Government will schedule the date and time of the oral presentations
with each contractor after the RFQ closing date and receipt of
contractor quote submissions. The Government reserves the right to
reschedule any contractor’s orals date at the discretion of the
contracting officer.

### **Participants**

The contractor may include as many participants as it feels is
necessary. Contractors are advised to have technical personnel present
since the Government will ask technical questions during the oral
presentations. Type and number of participants included is at the
contractor’s discretion and is the full responsibility of the
contractor. All proposed Key Personnel currently employed by the Offeror
or its teaming partners shall attend the session - the Government is
most interested in hearing from staff that will have a direct role in
performing on the task. The letter(s) of intent and resume(s) will
suffice for Key Personnel currently not employed by the Offeror or its
teaming partners.

After the presentations, vendors shall provide an email to confirm
attendance with names of participants to the meeting organizers.
