#PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT (PWS) For Identity Management Shared Authentication Platform Support
## July 7, 2016
### Client Order ID (COI) ID09160051

1.0 BACKGROUND
--------------

Consumer Identity Management is a problem the Government has tried to
solve in a number of ways over the past decade. 18F and a team across
the government is now tasked with launching a new solution by November
2016. Our efforts are clearly described [on our
blog](https://18f.gsa.gov/2016/05/10/building-a-modern-shared-authentication-platform/)
and further detailed in [Executive Order
13681](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2014/10/17/executive-order-improving-security-consumer-financial-transactions).

In addition, our current public work is available at [this GitHub
repository](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp).

2.0 OBJECTIVES
--------------

The overall objective of the 18F Identity Management Project is to
develop a comprehensive identity solution for government agencies, using
a combination of custom built and commercial products. This particular
task order is to procure an agile engineering team to support the
implementation of this tool with the code bases of agencies that plan to
use the tool. This team will work with the team at 18F Team to do the
following:

-   Integrate the 18F identity solution with agency code bases

-   Support 18F in solving identity issues faced by agencies

-   Improve the 18F identity solution to help meet agency needs

3.0 SCOPE
---------

The Identity Management Team at 18F is looking for a contractor to
deliver a number of technical features by November 2016. The Identity
Management team, based at 18F, includes developers, designers, and User
Experience (UX) researchers, all working together to build a consumer
facing shared authentication platform that can be used by different
government agencies.

This Performance Work Statement (PWS) describes the technical and
administrative components of the requirement as follows:

-   Task requirements that the Contractor must successfully perform
    (Section 4).

-   Operational requirements that must be met while the Contractor performs (Section 5).

-   Generalized administrative requirements that are contract-oriented
    such as type of contract, period of performance, and any other terms and conditions (Section 6).

-   Invoicing Instructions for Contractor to receive payment (Section 7).

**4.0 REQUIREMENTS**
--------------------

The Contractor will provide the following services:

-   Contractor will work with agency partners and 18F Identity Management Team to build integration (using Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) or other appropriate technology) between agency web properties and 18F identity management product.

-   Contractor will provide feedback to 18F Identity Management Team regarding the requirements of agency partners.

-   Contractor will work with 18F Identity Management Team to improve the 18F identity management product to meet the requirements of the agency partners.

### **Additional requirements:**

-   Contractor shall adhere to [US Web Design Standards](https://playbook.cio.gov/designstandards/) or other design standards as developed by the 18F team.

-   As part of this being purchased off of the Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement (aBPA), work will be conducted in two-week sprints and reviewed at the end of each sprint for acceptability before moving on. The contractor and government may mutually agree to alter sprint length as needed.

### **The Contractor will not be responsible to do the following:**

-   Provide or configure hosting of source code, or web sites

**5.0 OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS**
--------------------------------

### 5.1 Project Management

The Contractor shall provide a Project Manager as the primary point of
contact for the government’s program office to enable timely problem
resolution, reporting in accordance with Program Management
methodologies, and properly aligning staffing requirements. Sprint plans
will be developed collaboratively with the Product Owner from the
Identity Management Team, as well as staff from the 18F Acquisitions
team.

Per agile development principles, the Contracting Officer’s
Representative (COR) and Contractor will be expected to work with the
Product Owner (as determined by 18F), and an 18F Product Manager. Refer
to Attachment 2, for Government Roles and Responsibilities.

### 5.2 Impact Reports

The Contractor shall be responsible for providing timely notification to
the COR, 18F Product Manager, and Identity Management Product Owner when
activities or issues outside of the Contractor’s control may directly
impact the Contractor’s performance. This notification shall be provided
in writing or via email within 24 hours of any anticipated or known
impact.

### 5.3 Status Reports

In lieu of a typical status report, Contractor's progress shall be
documented for each sprint's period of performance as follows:

-   Links to the Github issues/commits/branches

-   Screenshot, links, or other documentation from the shared project management system reflecting completed features, including number and percentage of completed sprint tasks (e.g. percentage of tasks completed)

### 5.4 Daily Operations

Contractor’s Project Manager shall be responsible for daily operations
as well as coordinating and communicating with the 18F Product Manager.
Daily operations may include:

-   Daily standup via video

-   Chat operations via Slack

-   Manage and update user stories + workflow tasks in shared project management system

### 5.5 Personnel

#### **5.5.1. Desired Skills and Knowledge**

The Contractor shall provide qualified personnel commensurate with this
task's performance work statement, in terms of necessary skills at the
requisite level of knowledge and experience.

Broadly, a team assigned to 18F is expected to have experience with:

-   Identity Protocols, such as:

    -   SAML
    -   OAuth
    -   OpenID Connect

-   Highly scalable systems, meaning 100s or 1000s of Transactions per Second

-   Building and testing public facing sites and tools

-   Managing multi-terabyte operational datasets.

-   Understanding and analyzing multi-terabyte operational datasets (Big Data)

-   As developers will likely be sitting side-by-side with our clients, they also need to be personable, comfortable working with unfamiliar codebases and be able to adapt quickly to our customers needs.

In addition to the skills articulated on the [Labor Categories for the Blanket Purchase Agreement](https://pages.18f.gov/agile-labor-categories/), Contractor personnel shall have a strong technical experience base in a majority of the following:

Front End Engineers shall be experienced in the following areas:

-   Scrum Development

-   JavaScript

-   CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)

-   Customer Service Skills

-   User Experience Testing

-   Experience contributing to and/or using open source software

Back End Engineers shall be experienced in the following areas:

-   Rails and other web frameworks such as NodeJS or Django

-   Contributing to and/or using open source software

-   Cloud deployment in Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) or Platform as a Service (PaaS) environments

Full Stack Engineers shall be experienced with a combination of the
above Front and Back-end areas.

Security Engineers shall be experienced in the following areas:

-   SSO (Single Sign On) mechanisms such as SAML and OAuth2.0

-   Performing security audits, risk analysis and threat modeling

-   Symmetric and public-key cryptography

#### **5.5.2 Key Personnel**

All staff for this project must be listed as Key Personnel.

To ensure successful performance of this task, Contractor shall satisfy
the following requirements:

a\) The Contractor shall assign personnel whose résumés are submitted
with its quotation to perform this task order.

b\) If any individual proposed as Key Personnel becomes unavailable
during the course of the solicitation and evaluation process, the
Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer immediately and provide
a substitute person with résumé. Any Key Personnel proposed who are not
currently employed by the Contractor shall be identified as such and an
additional letters of intent signed by the proposed Key Personnel shall
be provided that indicates that person's intent to be employed by the
Contractor if awarded this task order.

c\) The Contractor agrees that during the duration of the base period of
performance of the task order, no Key Personnel substitutions shall be
made unless necessitated by an individual’s sudden illness, death, or
termination of employment for cause. In any of such event, the
Contractor shall promptly notify the COR and provide the information
required by paragraph (e) below on the proposed replacement for
Government approval. No substitutions of Key Personnel shall be made
except in accordance with this provision.

d\) All requests for substitutions/additions of Key Personnel must
include a detailed explanation of the circumstances necessitating the
proposed substitution or addition, a complete résumé for the proposed
substitute or addition including skills, experience, education,
training, and security level. As determined by the Contracting Officer,
all proposed substitutes/additions must have qualifications that meet or
exceed the qualifications of the person to be replaced.

e\) The Contracting Officer, or duly designated COR, will evaluate the
request(s) for substitutions/additions of Key Personnel and the
Contracting Officer will notify the Contractor, in writing, of approval
or disapproval. Disapproval of the proposed individual(s) shall not
provide grounds for non-performance by the Contractor or form the basis
of any claim for monies, delivery schedule extension, or any other
equitable adjustment.

f\) The Project Manager/Technical Lead will be a direct liaison to the
COR, 18F’s Project Manager, and the Identity Management Product Owner.
The Technical Lead/Project Manager is responsible for the supervision
and management of the Contractor’s personnel, technical assistance, and
interface. Desired skills and experience for the Technical Lead/Project
Manager include:

-   Experience in technical leadership.

-   Ability to rapidly prioritize competing requirements.

-   Ability to understand and simplify customer requirements.

-   Ability to communicate end user feedback to technical and design leads.

-   Strong communication skills.

-   Proven knowledge of industry standards.

The Technical Lead/Project Manager must have a full understanding of the
technical approach discussed in the Oral Presentations and delivered by
the Contractor after award. NOTE - the labor category proposed for this
Technical Lead/Project Manager is at the Offeror's discretion.

#### **5.5.3 Estimated Level of Effort**

The Government estimates this project will require no more than 4-5
personnel --- with all but the Product Manager expected to be close to
full time, though the exact number of hours may vary week to week.
Contractors are encouraged to use their own estimating methodology to
determine the skill mix and level of effort necessary to successfully
perform this task order.

### 5.6 Deliverables

#### **Table 1 List of Deliverables**

  **REQUIRED DELIVERABLES / REPORTS**   **DUE DATES**                                                       **DESCRIPTION OF DELIVERABLE CONTENT**
  ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Status Reports                        1 business day after each sprint                                    A report of progress throughout each sprint
  Code Repository of Product            End of task order                                                   Version-controlled Open Source repository of code that comprises prototype
  Development Prototype                 End of second sprint, and every sprint thereafter                   In-progress development prototype, accessible on the web via staging server / development server
  Transition plan                       3 business days after the conclusion of the second-to-last sprint   See Section 5.7.1 of the PWS

####

#### **5.6.1 Delivery Instructions**

Code deliverables shall be submitted via the Github repository. A copy
of any document deliverables shall be submitted to the COR, Product
Owner, and 18F Product Manager, and uploaded to the AASBS (Assisted
Acquisition Services Business System) web portal. Refer to Section 6.11
for additional information on the AASBS web portal.

#### **5.6.2 Inspection and Acceptance of Services**

Within approximately 5 days of each sprint's conclusion, the Government
will inspect, test, review and accept all periodic reports and task
deliverables, as applicable.

Only the COR, and their designated alternate, has the authority to
accept or reject all deliverables. The COR will provide written final
acceptance of all deliverables to the Contractor within approximately 30
days from the end of the task order, via electronic means.

Any Contractor performance to correct defects found by the Government as
a result of quality assurance surveillance and by the Contractor as a
result of quality control, shall be in accordance with FAR 52.246-6,
Inspection – Time-and-Materials and Labor-Hour. The COR will monitor
compliance and report to the Procurement Project Manager.

#### **5.6.3 System Documentation**

The Contractor shall consult with the COR to determine what is
appropriate, effective, and essential for system documentation. The
Government requires, at a minimum, that the Contractor will generate
comprehensive and complete documentation, both within the code itself,
within the source code version control system (e.g., through proper use
of descriptive commit messages, issue tracking, pull requests, etc.),
and as appropriate, in separate documentation, provide artifacts, and
create new user stories based on each sprint.

#### **5.6.4. Quality Assurance**

The Government will use the attached draft Quality Assurance
Surveillance Plan (QASP) to monitor the Contractor’s performance. The
QASP will provide oversight to help ensure that service levels reach and
maintain the required levels for performance of this task. Further, the
QASP provides the COR with a proactive way to avoid unacceptable or
deficient performance, and provides verifiable input for the required
Past Performance Information Assessments. The QASP is a living document
and may be updated by the Government as necessary. Any updates to the
QASP will be provided to the Contractor. The draft QASP will be updated
within 14 days of contract kick off meeting.

### 5.7 Transition

#### **5.7.1 Transition Plan**

The Contractor shall:

a\) Ensure and agree that all deliverables, products, licenses, designs,
data, documentation, tests, user research notes, source code,
configuration settings and files, and materials developed throughout
this task order will be the property of the U.S. Government and in the
public domain.

b\) Two weeks prior to task order conclusion, provide a brief Transition
Plan for all deliverables, products, and materials in coordination with
the COR, 18F Product Manager and Product Owner from GSA.

c\) Coordinate with the COR and potentially another vendor, and implement
the Transition Plan according to the COR’s direction.

d\) Provide assistance to the COR, 18F Product Manager, and potentially
other Government staff to stand-up the application.

#### **5.7.2 Transition Activities**

During the transition to the Government, or a new contractor, the
Contractor shall perform all necessary transition activities. Expected
transition activities may include, but not be limited to, continuation
of full services to 18F and other customers; participation in meetings
with the Government or new contractor to effect a smooth transition and
provide detailed information on the operation of all deliverables, at
COR's discretion; training of new personnel, either Government or new
contractor, during transition period; and appropriate close-out of any
outstanding technical and related performance elements for this task.

Final report shall include a list of sprint tasks completed,
documentation, and link to code repository developed for 18F. Should the
Contractor be terminated prior to the end of the period of performance,
the Contractor shall transfer all project materials to the COR within
two weeks of the COR’s request.

### 5.8 Travel

No travel outside of the Baltimore-Washington region is anticipated or
will be required as part of this task order.

### 5.9 Potential Organizational Conflicts

Before award of this task order, Offerors shall provide a signed
Organizational Conflict of Interest statement with their quotation
submission, if applicable, which describes concisely all relevant facts
concerning any past, present, or planned interest (financial,
contractual, organizational, or otherwise) relating to the work to be
performed under the proposed task order and bearing on whether the
Offeror has a possible organizational or personnel conflict of interest
with respect to:

1.  Being able to render impartial, technically sound, and objective assistance or advice, or

2.  Being given an unfair competitive advantage.

The Offeror may also provide relevant facts that show how its
organizational structure and/or management systems limit its knowledge
of possible organizational conflicts of interest relating to other
divisions or sections of the organization and how that structure or
system would avoid or mitigate such organizational conflict.

No task order award shall be made until any potential conflict of
interest has been neutralized or mitigated to the satisfaction of the
Contracting Officer. The contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer
in writing as soon as any conflict of interest is identified and will
propose steps for mitigating the conflict.

Refusal to provide the requested information or the willful
misrepresentation of any relevant information by an Offeror shall
disqualify the Offeror from further consideration for award of a task
order under this solicitation.

If the Contracting Officer determines that a potential conflict can be
avoided, effectively mitigated, or otherwise resolved through the
inclusion of a special contract clause, the terms of the clause will be
subject to negotiation.

6.0 TERMS AND CONDITIONS
------------------------

### 6.1 Type of Contract

This is a labor-hour order under master Agile BPA terms and conditions.

### 6.2 Period of Performance (POP)

The Period of Performance (POP) includes a base period of 3 months, with
3 additional option periods, each 3 months in duration. Further, a
contingency of up to 6 months may be exercised. The POP is expected to
begin within 10 calendar days after award.

### 6.3 Place and Hours of Performance

The primary place of performance will be at the government’s facility at
GSA Headquarters at 1800 F St. NW, Washington, DC, and at Alternate
Sites including partner agency facilities. 18F is a distributed team and
some 18F staff involved in this contract may not be located in
Washington, DC. Staff may also be distributed or work at their homes,
per agreement with the Government Product Owner.

Business core hours shall be 0900 to 1800 local time, Monday – Friday on
Government scheduled work days. The contractor may set its own work
hours except that the contractor shall be available for technical
contact by the Government between the hours of 0900 and 1800 local time
on Government work days.

### 6.4 Special Terms and Conditions

#### **6.4.1 Section 508 Compliance Requirement**

The contractor shall support the Government in its conformance with
Section 508 throughout the development and implementation of the work to
be performed.

Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C.
794d) requires that when Federal agencies develop, procure, maintain, or
use electronic information technology, Federal employees with
disabilities have access to and use of information and data that is
comparable to the access and use by Federal employees who do not have
disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.
Section 508 also requires that individuals with disabilities, who are
members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal
agency, have access to and use of information and data that is
comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with
disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.

The following standard is applicable for compliance:

1194.22 Web-based Intranet and Internet Information and Applications.

The contractor should review the following websites for additional 508
information:

-   http://www.section508.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=Content&ID=12

-   http://www.access-board.gov/508.htm

-   http://www.w3.org/WAI/Resources

### 6.5 Post Award Orientation Conference

The Government's team, Contracting Officer, and COR shall hold a
Kick-Off Meeting/Post-Award Conference. Ideally, this will be physically
located in Washington, DC, but may be done virtually with Contractor’s
team and other relevant Government staff to review and clarify the
project’s objectives, expectations from the Government, and address any
questions the Contractor may have. Discussion topics shall include, but
not be limited to:

-   Introduction of the Contractor and Government Staff;

-   Understanding of the workflow;

-   Project management expectations;

-   Agreement on communication methods; and

-   Discussion of any other relevant specific concerns.

The Kick-Off Meeting/Post-Award Conference will take place within 10
calendar days from award.

The Contractor shall provide any finalized Contractor Teaming
Arrangements (CTAs)/Subcontractor arrangements at this time.

### 6.5 Non-Personal Services

This task order is not being used to procure personal services
prohibited by FAR 37.104, Personal services contract.

To counter the circumstances that infer personal services and to
preserve the non-personal nature of the contract, the contractor shall
adhere to the following guidelines in the performance of the task:

-   Contractor provides for direct supervision of all contract employees assigned to the task.

-   Refrain from discussing the issues such as skill levels and hours, salaries, cost and funding data, or administrative and personnel matters affecting contractor employees with the client.

-   Ensure close communication/coordination with the Procurement Project Manager, reporting problems to the Procurement Project Manager as they occur (not waiting for a monthly meeting).

-   Do not permit government officials to interview potential contractor employees, discuss individual performance, approve leave or work scheduling of contractor employees, terminate contractor employees, assist contractor employees in doing their jobs or obtain assistance from the contractor in doing Government job.

-   Do not assign contractor personnel to work under direct government supervision.

-   Maintain a professional distance from government employees.

-   Provide contractor employees with badges, if appropriate, identifying them as contractors.

-   Ensure proper communications with the government (technical discussion and government surveillance is okay, but the Government cannot tell the contractor how to do the job).

-   Assign a task leader to the task order. The task leader or alternate should be the only one who accepts tasking from the assigned Government point of contact or alternative.

-   The government has the right to reject the finished product or result and this does not constitute personal services.

-   When travel is required for the performance on a task, the Contractor personnel are only to travel as directed by their contract management.

### 6.7 Privacy Act

Performance of this task order may require that personnel have access to
Privacy Information. Contractor personnel shall adhere to the Privacy
Act, Title 5 of the U.S. Code, Section 552a and any other applicable
applicable rules and regulations.

### 6.8 Government Furnished Items

The Government will furnish the data and scripts needed at time of
award. No other hardware or software will be provided by the Government.

### 6.9 18F's Transparency Policy

Vendors are advised that 18F will publish on a publicly available
website documents associated with this requirement, including any
Requests for Quotation (including amendments), Question and Answer
exchanges with vendors (source-identifying information removed), and
other relevant information that is not confidential/proprietary in
nature or source selection sensitive information that would otherwise
implicate procurement integrity concerns.

Upon award, 18F will publish the total price of the selected proposal
and certain non-source-identifying data (e.g., the number of bids, the
mean price, median, and standard deviation of price). During the
performance of this task order, 18F will similarly publish source code,
data related to project management (e.g., user stories, milestones, and
performance metrics), and top-line spending data.

### 6.10 Data Rights and Ownership of Deliverables

18F intends that any data or deliverable created as a result of the work
performed under the task order be committed to the public domain.

Further, 18F intends to commit the following items, to the public
domain, at a minimum:

-   All data, documents, graphics and code created under this task order including but not limited to, plans, reports, schedules, schemas, metadata, architecture designs, and the like;

-   Any and all new open source software created by the contractor and forks or branches of current open source software where the contractor has made a modification; and,

-   Any and all new tooling, scripting configuration management, infrastructure as code, or any other final changes or edits to successfully deploy or operate the software.

The Contractor shall use open source technologies wherever possible, in
support of the 18F Source Code Policy. All licenses must be expressly
listed in the deliverable. Regardless of license(s) used (e.g., MIT,
GPL, Creative Commons 0) the license(s) shall be clearly listed in the
documentation.

If the contractor needs to use work that does not have an open source
license, the contractor is required to request permission from 18F, in
writing, before utilizing that work in any way in connection with the
order. If approved, all licenses shall be clearly set forth in a
conspicuous place when work is delivered to 18F.

If an open source license provides implementation guidance, the
contractor shall ensure compliance with that guidance. If implementation
guidance is not available, the contractor shall attach or include the
license within the work itself. Examples of this include code comments
at the beginning of a file or contained in a license file within a
software repository.

### 6.11 GSA AAS Business Systems (AASBS) Web Portal

The GSA AASBS (Assisted Acquisition Services Business Systems also known
as IT Solutions Shop (ITSS)) web portal will be accessible to the
Contractor during the performance of the task order and be used in the
administration of the task order. This web-based system at
<https://portal.fas.gsa.gov/web/guest> shall be used by the contractor
to upload status reports, deliverables, invoices, and to respond to
inquiries. The contractor shall maintain a current account on this
system.

### 6.12 Administration Points of Contact

The following Points of Contact (POC) are applicable to this order:

Contracting Officer Representative (COR): Esther Kim, GSA, Technology
Transformation Services (202) 826-7232

Alternative Contracting Officer Representative (ACOR): Michelle
McNellis, GSA, Technology Transformation Services
michelle.mcnellis@gsa.gov (202) 260-0551

18F Product Manager: Jessie Posilkin, GSA, Technology Transformation
Services jessie.posilkin@gsa.gov (202) 406-4689

Identity Management Product Owner: *Joel Minton, GSA, Technology
Transformation Services, joel.minton@gsa.com*

GSA Procurement Project Manager: Kit Lee, GSA, Assisted Acquisition
Services (AAS) kit.lee@gsa.gov (415) 436-8730

GSA Contracting Officer: Lynda Luo, GSA, Acquisition Operations Division
lynda.luo@gsa.gov (415) 522-4633

GSA Contract Specialist: Mark Mohler, GSA, Acquisition Operations
Division mark.mohler@gsa.gov (808) 541-1999

7.0 INVOICING/ PROCEDURES FOR PAYMENT
-------------------------------------

The period of performance for each invoice shall be for one calendar
month. The Contractor shall submit only one invoice per month per
order/contract.

*The Government reserves the right to audit, thus; the Contractor shall
keep on file all backup support documentation for travels as
applicable.*

### 7.1 Content of Invoice

The Contractor’s invoice will be submitted monthly for work performed
the prior month. The contractor may invoice only for the hours, travel
and unique services used in direct support of the task order. The
invoice shall be submitted on official letterhead and shall include the
following information at a minimum.

-   Client Order ID Number

-   ACT Number

-   Prompt Payment Discount

-   Remittance Address

-   Period of Performance for Billing Period

-   Point of Contact and Phone Number

-   Invoice Amount

-   Skill Level Name and Associated Skill Level Number (for T&M or Labor Hour)

-   Actual Hours Worked During the Billing Period (for T&M or Labor Hour)

-   Clearly indicate both the current invoice’s monthly “burn rate” and the total average monthly “burn rate” (for T&M or Labor Hour)

-   Travel Itemized by Individual and Trip (if applicable)

-   Supporting documentation for travel including travel approval and receipts (if applicable)

### 7.2 Invoice Submission

All invoicing shall be done electronically. Password and electronic
invoice access may be obtained through the AASBS web portal.

The Invoice and the Status Reports for the applicable billing period
shall be entered into the AASBS portal within 5 to 10 calendar days
after the end of the month. The Contractor shall submit invoices
electronically by logging into the AASBS portal
([https://portal.fas.gsa.gov](https://portal.fas.gsa.gov/)), navigating
to the appropriate order, and creating the invoice for that order and
attach a copy of invoice, status reports with all required back-up
documentation as applicable.

*The Contractor shall NOT submit any invoices directly to the GSA
Finance Center (neither by mail nor via electronic submission). If the
invoices are acceptable, then the Procurement Project Manager and COR
will approve them for payment and complete the information in the AASBS
portal.*

### 7.3 Final Invoice

Invoices for final payment must be so identified and submitted within 60
calendar days from task completion and no further charges are to be
billed. A copy of the written acceptance of task completion must be
attached to final invoices. The contractor shall request for an
extension from the COR for final invoices that may exceed the 60-day
time frame.

The Government reserves the right to require certification by a COR
before payment is processed, if necessary.

### 7.4 Close-out Procedures

The Contractor shall submit a final invoice within 60 calendar days
after the end of the performance period. After the final invoice has
been paid the Contractor shall furnish a completed and signed Release of
Claims (GSA Form 1142) to the Contracting Officer. This release of
claims is due within 15 calendar days of final payment.

### Attachments:

1.  **Draft QASP**

2.  **Government Roles and Responsibilities**
