GOVERNMENT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
=====================================

 Identity Management Integration Support
========================================

Client Order ID Number: ID09160051
----------------------------------

Contracting Officer
-------------------

<span id="h.3znysh7" class="anchor"></span>The Contracting Officer (CO)
is responsible for monitoring task order contract compliance, contract
administration, and cost control and for resolving any differences
between the observations documented by the Government and the
contractor. The CO will designate, at a minimum, one (1) Contracting
Officer’s Representative (COR) as the Government authority for
performance management. The number of additional representatives serving
as technical inspectors depends on the complexity of the services
measured, as well as the contractor’s performance, and must be
identified and designated by the CO.

Contracting Officer’s Representative
------------------------------------

The Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) is designated in writing
by the CO to act as his or her authorized representative to assist in
administering a contract. COR limitations are contained in the written
appointment letter. The COR is responsible for technical administration
of the project and ensures proper Government surveillance of the
contractor’s performance. The COR is not empowered to make any
contractual commitments or to authorize any contractual changes on the
Government’s behalf. Any changes that the contractor deems may affect
contract price, terms, or conditions shall be referred to the CO for
action. The COR will have the responsibility to document the inspection
and evaluation of the contractor’s work performance.

Procurement Project Manager
---------------------------

The Procurement Project Manager is the interface between the requiring
organization (GSA 18F) and contracting organization (GSA Region 9). The
Procurement PM coordinates technical aspects of the contract with the
COR and CO, assists with contract administration, ensures client
acceptance of services, and reviews invoices for payment.

18F Product Manager
-------------------

The 18F Product Manager is responsible for coordination between the
contractor’s development team, the Product Owner, and the CO and COR.

Product Owner
-------------

The Product Owner is the project’s key stakeholder. They are responsible
for having a vision of what he or she wishes to build, and convey the
vision to the 18F Product Manager and the Contractor’s scrum or
development team. The Product Owner does this in part through the
product backlog, which will be a prioritized features list for the
product. The Product Owner is responsible for advocating on behalf of
the agency’s needs and responsible for decision-making during sprint
planning and implementation.
